At a cheap Thai restaurant near the school
I found you, looking
a bit mature in a chic dress
I kept my distance
to avoid the sweet ache in my heart
I drank something non-alcoholic
so I could keep my composure
I wanted to smile at you
It's been five years since we last met
It's been a long time
since we've seen each other
Who's been in love with whom?
As I recall my memories,
I'm embarrassed to answer that question
"I don't remember you"
I forced myself to say it
But the truth is, I haven't forgotten you
After all this time,
I can't believe I'm still in love with you
Isn't it lame to say that?
"I don't remember you"
I said while avoiding your eyes
I'll just have to live with the sadness
I heard a rumor you got a boyfriend
Who was in another class
Many months and years have passed,
and we've all changed
But our youth remains frozen in time
from when we walked by each other in the breezeway
You're the only one who hasn't changed
Now that we've graduated
Each one of us has a story to tell
I heard that the school building
Will be torn down next year or so
I remember so vividly
The love I kept in my heart
I was always watching you from afar
You don't know that, do you?
I remember even now
That smile of yours
Flipping through my yearbook
To the next page
I don't know how many times I've done so
Now, even though we're so close by
We don't exchange a single word
I pretend that I don't remember you
But actually I still love you
I remember
"I don't remember you"
I forced myself to say it
But the truth is, I haven't forgotten you
After all this time,
I can't believe I'm still in love with you
Isn't it lame to say that?
"I don't remember you"
I said while avoiding your eyes
I'll just have to live with the sadness
I heard a rumor you got a boyfriend
Who was in another class